[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bull
and welcome to
small budget big flavors where i'll be
showing you how to combine great food
and fine dining
all in a cost-effective way and today
i'm going to be showing you how to cook
a really delicious vegan curry
i'll be making a cadalla curry this is
also known as a chickpea curry
it's a classic south indian dish that
includes three
of your five a day and it's packed full
of nutrition
so let's get cooking
[Music]
so now we're ready to make our paste so
the first step over medium heat is just
pop some oil in
and then one chopped onion
[Music]
and some chilli i'm using fresh chili
but you could use
dried chili
give that a really good stir and we just
want to
brown the onions so it's going to take
about eight minutes
now our onions are nice and brown i'm
going to transfer it to a bowl
and then we're ready for the next step
so to complete our paste we just need to
put some ingredients in the blender and
it's done it's that
easy so i'm just popping in our
soft onions into the blender and some
ginger
and nine garlic cloves because i love
garlic but you could always use less
and our spices
[Music]
and some tomato puree
and we're ready to give that a good
[Music]
blitz
so now our paste is ready it should be a
smooth consistency
and i'm just going to transfer the paste
into the pan
and i'm using the same pan
and we're just going to cook this paste
on medium heat
just keep mixing it trying not to burn
[Music]
so now we've cooked our paste for about
two minutes we're ready to add the
chickpeas and the tomatoes
so i'm using two cans of chickpeas
and some tomatoes
and we just need to give us a really
good mix
so we mix in the paste the tomatoes and
the chickpeas
and keep stirring until everything's
nicely coated
so now our curry has been simmering for
about six minutes i'm just going to give
it a quick taste just to make sure the
seasoning's okay
perfect so we can add in the rest of our
ingredients
so we've got some chopped spinach
some coriander
and some creamed coconut
and give that a really good mix and we
need to cook this until our spinach is
wilted
and the cream coconut has all melted in
into the curry
you may need to increase the heat just a
tad for this stage
so if you find your sauce is just a
little bit thick you could add some
water to thin it down a little
so i'm just going to add a tablespoon
[Music]
and give that a good mix if you want
your sauce to be thinner you could add
more water
and we just need to cook this for a
further five minutes and our curry is
done
[Music]
this curry is packed full of flavor and
it only takes
25 minutes to make if you're looking to
introduce more plant-based meals into
your diet
then this recipe is perfect for you
i'm serving mine with some rice but you
could have it with some naan or chapatis
either way you've got a winning dish now
i'm ready to serve this to my family
just with an extra bit of garnish of
coriander
[Music]
that is amazing
you